I was definitely unnecessarily fancy with this Part 1. I used binary numbers because I was looking for a reason to use them this whole time, and I even got to pull out a technique called Gosper's Hack. The premise of my Part 1 solution is that a given state of lights can be represented as an integer if you let the on and off states correspond to 1s and 0s respectively. Similarly, which lights the buttons turn on and off can also be represented as an integer and the neat part is, if you XOR them, they *just work*. That is because if you had a XOR b, the result is a with every bit that was on in b flipped. It happens to perfectly work here. Gosper's hack is unnecessary since the combinations are so few as to be trivial to brute force, but it lets me increment the number of on bits in the mask one by one, and return as soon as a given mask matches the result.

Some important insights from that XORing. Clearly, the order you press the buttons doesn't matter; the buttons all do one "flip" on their associated lights no matter what state the light is currently in, and all those flips are accumulated at the end to get the final result of a series of button presses. Secondly, pressing a button twice just adds two identical flips; in other words, it undoes the first press. The two observations together mean that there is never a use in pressing a button more than once. Either you press a button or you don't.

Part 2 has an incredibly beautiful observation in it. I realized quickly that it would involve a lot of computing final states, so I precalculated them all when I first receive the line into a solutions cache, which for any given on-off state for the lights, would provide a list of button-press-counts tupled with the joltage drops if those presses were to happen.

The observation is as follows: if the target joltage for a certain counter is odd, it can be imagined as a lit light. If it is even, it can be imagined as off. Using our solution cache, we can easily figure out what happens to the joltages for all possible methods of turning all the lights off, giving us our "base cases" which set up the lights exactly as we want. From there, any even number amount of button presses (on and off again) doesn't matter, so we can cut in half and recursively explore again until we have flattened joltages into all zeros.
